feat(ins): add information to vmware migration documentation (#5015)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/instances/reference-content/migrating-vms-vmware-scaleway.mdx

- Disk configuration (number, size, type)
  <Message type="tip">
    If multiple disks are present, follow the same steps to create individual snapshots and then combine them into a single Scaleway image.

>     For more detailed instructions on creating an image from multiple volumes, refer to the tutorial [How to create an image from a snapshot](/instances/how-to/create-image-from-snapshot/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more detailed instructions on creating an image from multiple volumes, refer to documentation on [how to create an image from a snapshot](/instances/how-to/create-image-from-snapshot/).
```
